---
title: Get Started
layout: post
categories: Android
---

# What is Aptoide?

Aptoide is an alternative marketplace for mobile applications which runs on the Android operating system. It's basically a special Android App Store
where you can download free apps instead of paying them. How do I get it?

You will need to download an APK file (Android Package Kit) to install Aptoide. An APK is the package file format used by the Android OS for distribution
and installation of mobile apps.

## 1. Enable Unknown Sources

Use two fingers to swipe down from the top of the screen, then tap the "**Settings**" gear icon in the top-right corner of the resulting drop-down menu.
Scroll down and tap **Security**, then tick the box next to **Unknow Sources**.

## 2. Head over to Aptoide's official website

Click this link to open Aptoide's official website:
[en.aptoide.com](https://en.aptoide.com/)

## 3. Download Aptoide (APK)

Click the "**Install Aptoide**" button and wait for the download to finish.

## 4. Install the APK

Click on the file and tap **OK** when prompted. Wait for the download to finish and tap **open** when you'll get a notification. If you missed the OPEN notification,
you can instead swipe down from the top of the screen and tap the **Download complete** (or similar) notification. Then, scroll down and click **Install**.

You'll find the app on your home screen, just open it and search for popular paid apps, you'll get them for free!

Note that some apps will download but won't work because of **license verifications**. You can bypass that verification using **Lucky Patcher**.
