---
title: Welcome
layout: post
categories: News
---

# Welcome 

Hello wanderer! <script language="javascript">
    currentday = new Date();
    weekday = currentday.getDay();
    if (weekday == 0) document.write('On this fair Sunday, ');
    if (weekday == 1) document.write('On this delightful Monday, ');
    if (weekday == 2) document.write('On this bright Tuesday, ');
    if (weekday == 3) document.write('On this breezy Wednesday, ');
    if (weekday == 4) document.write('On this pretty Thursday, ');
    if (weekday == 5) document.write('On this fine Friday, ');
    if (weekday == 6) document.write('On this pleasing Saturday, ');
</script>you have approached a site of knowledge fashioned in the manner of modern blogs. As you shall see upon entry to this site, if you so choose, there is quite a bit of information to indulge in. 
Though this knowledge comes to you free of charge, it does require of you an open mind and some self-doing. You will find here handy lore about Science, Technology, Mathematics, Ethical Hacking, Programming, Web, and History. You'll gain power here that will allow you to improve your cultural awareness. Please note that you will not find any 
advertisements whatsoever on this site: no banners to click on, no sponsors to promote, nothing. We don't need your money : our only hope is that you will, one beautiful day, 
contribute yourself to the world's vast wealth of knowledge.
<br>

# About me

I'm a high school passionate about formal, physical, life and applied sciences in general. I also love computer science and ethical hacking. 
