---
title: What is Jekyll?
layout: post
category: Miscellaneous
---
# What is Jekyll?

Jekyll is a static website generator written in Ruby by Tom Preston-Werner (one of the co-founders of GitHub), distributed as an open-source product.

## Functionality

Jekyll is a program running in servers, web compilers and few Content Delivery Networks. It allows an end user to generate a website with dynamic patterns written by the user, notably the CSS code or Liquid HTML templates (they can be written or found on the Internet). Furthermore, there are posts that can be written in Markdown and basic HTML that need to be there.


So, the static website generator will convert all that written content into edible HTML for browser rendering.

However, serving the content requires either:
- port forwarding from 4000 to 80 and using the minimal Jekyll deamon
- setting up on Apache
- setting up on Nginx
- setting up the website on GitHub Pages or Netlify

Jekyll, coupled with GitHub Pages or Netlify, is free for any use. That's why so many people went to make their own websites for a non-existent cost, becoming very fast and stable.

## Flexibility

Jekyll can work with other tools as Sass, Bootstrap and CDNs to make it far more faster and personalizable. However, Jekyll only support very basic HTML as the goal of Jekyll was to use Markdown, which is still the simplest web development language, as HTML has many complicated tags.


Jekyll can also connect itself to external CMS to write articles without any programming knowledge. Furthermore, you can enable continuous development to facilitate pushing on the web server main folder.

## Installation

Jekyll is the easiest thing to install. For most Linux Operating Systems, you just need to run

```bash
sudo apt-get install gem
gem install bundler jekyll
jekyll new newsite
cd newsite
bundle exec jekyll serve
```
This will create an Internet-connected Jekyll instance. However, you may need to upload your code files in the newsite directory.